Dataset.plot.quiver (#4407)
pydata/xarray: doc/plotting.rst

For more advanced scatter plots, we recommend converting the relevant data variables to a pandas DataFrame and using the extensive plotting capabilities of ``seaborn``.

Quiver
~~~~~~

> Visualizing vector fields using a quiver plot is easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualizing vector fields is supported with quiver plots:
```

.. ipython:: python
    :okwarning:

    @savefig ds_simple_quiver.png
    ds.isel(w=1, z=1).plot.quiver(x="x", y="y", u="A", v="B")

> Again, faceting is also possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where ``u`` and ``v`` denote the x and y direction components of the arrow vectors. Again, faceting is also possible:
```

.. ipython:: python
    :okwarning:

    @savefig ds_facet_quiver.png
    ds.plot.quiver(x="x", y="y", u="A", v="B", col="w", row="z", scale=4)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The ``scale`` is required for facet plots. The scale determines the number of data units per arrow length unit, i.e. a smaller scale parameter makes the arrow longer.
```
